Add info about when the ad component support for event reporting is available. (#622)
WICG/turtledove: Fenced_Frames_Ads_Reporting.md

The beacon data will be in place by the time that the navigation starts. When the navigation commits, the automatic beacon will be sent out with event data set to "link1 was clicked.".

# Support for Ad Components
For ad components [rendered in fenced frames](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE.md#4-browsers-render-the-winning-ad), the support for event-level reporting described below is available in Chrome starting M114. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For ad components rendered in iframes, the support will be available in Chrome starting M115. The support includes the following scenarios:
> 1. Top-level ad rendered in fenced frame, ad components rendered in fenced frames.
> 2. Top-level ad rendered in fenced frame, ad components rendered in iframes.
> 3. Top-level ad rendered in iframe, ad components rendered in fenced frames.
> 4. Top-level ad rendered in iframe, ad components rendered in iframes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ad components rendered in iframes, the support will be available in Chrome starting M115. The support works for all combinations of the top-level ad and ad component being rendered in iframes and/or Fenced Frames.
```

The beacon data will be in place by the time that the navigation starts. When the navigation commits, the automatic beacon will be sent out with event data set to "link1 was clicked.".

# Support for Ad Components
For ad components [rendered in fenced frames](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE.md#4-browsers-render-the-winning-ad), the support for event-level reporting described below is available in Chrome starting M114. For ad components rendered in iframes, the support will be available in Chrome starting M115.

> 

Reviewer 2: Please also mention that all combination of urn-iframe and fenced frame works.
